{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22180\viewh15440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Motivation
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 For what purpose was the dataset created? Was there a specific task in mind? Was there a specific gap that needed to be filled? Please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \cb4 This dataset was created to provide images that can be used to study face detection in an unconstrained setting where image characteristics (such as pose, illumination, focus), subject demographic makeup (such as age, gender, race) or appearance (such as hairstyle, makeup, clothing) cannot be controlled.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Who created this dataset (e.g., which team, research group) and on behalf of which entity (e.g., company, institution, organization)?
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The initial version of the dataset was created by researchers at AVID corporation.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Who funded the creation of the dataset? If there is an associated grant, please provide the name of the grantor and the grant name and number.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The construction of the original database was funded by AVID corporation.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Composition\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 What do the instances that comprise the dataset represent (e.g., documents, photos, people, countries)? Are there multiple types of instances (e.g., movies, users, and ratings; people and interactions between them; nodes and edges)? Please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \cb4 The dataset consists of just over 65,000 high-quality PNG images at 1024\'d71024 resolution. Each instance includes at least one human face. Images were crawled from Photobucket to increase the likelihood that it has good coverage of accessories, including glasses, sunglasses, make-up, hair accessories, hats, etc.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb1 How many instances are there in total (of each type, if appropriate)?
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Images: 65,104\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Does the dataset contain all possible instances or is it a sample (not necessarily random) of instances from a larger set? If the dataset is a sample, then what is the larger set? Is the sample representative of the larger set (e.g., geographic coverage)? If so, please describe how this representativeness was validated/verified. If it is not representative of the larger set, please describe why not (e.g., to cover a more diverse range of instances, because instances were withheld or unavailable)
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 A full-resolution sample of the data is available for download. The sample is randomly selected, and so expected to be representative of the larger dataset in terms of image characteristics.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 What data does each instance consist of? \'93Raw\'94 data (e.g., unprocessed text or images) or features? In either case, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The data consists of unprocessed images of faces.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is there a label or target associated with each instance? If so, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 There is no label associated with each instance.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is any information missing from individual instances? If so, please provide a description, explaining why this information is missing (e.g., because it was unavailable). This does not include intentionally removed information, but might include, e.g., redacted text.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Instances are not missing information, but metadata was stripped from the original images to preserve the privacy of Photobucket users. They do not contain labels of any kind.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Are relationships between individual instances made explicit (e.g., users\'92 movie ratings, social network links)? If so, please describe how these relationships are made explicit.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 There are no links.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Are there recommended data splits (e.g., training, development/validation, testing)? If so, please provide a description of these splits, explaining the rationale behind them.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Data provided is not split.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Are there any errors, sources of noise, or redundancies in the dataset? If so, please provide a description.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 There are some images with more than one face in them. All images contain at least one face, centered on the image\'92s center pixel.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is the dataset self-contained, or does it link to or otherwise rely on external resources (e.g., websites, tweets, other datasets)? If it links to or relies on external resources, a) are there guarantees that they will exist, and remain constant, over time; b) are there official archival versions of the complete dataset (i.e., including the external resources as they existed at the time the dataset was created); c) are there any restrictions (e.g., licenses, fees) associated with any of the external resources that might apply to a future user? Please provide descriptions of all external resources and any restrictions associated with them, as well as links or other access points, as appropriate
\f0\b0 .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The dataset is self-contained.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Does the dataset contain data that might be considered confidential (e.g., data that is protected by legal privilege or by doctor-patient confidentiality, data that includes the content of individuals\'92 non-public communications)? If so, please provide a description.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 This data comprises communication that was intended to be public, but publishers (individual Photobucket users) may not have anticipated that it would be used in this way. Further, publishers may have made images available of people other than themselves without permission.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Does the dataset contain data that, if viewed directly, might be offensive, insulting, threatening, or might otherwise cause anxiety? If so, please describe why.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Images were not thoroughly checked for offensive material. If you find anything that you believe should be removed, please email the creators and let us know. We will consider whether to drop the image and whether to report the original image to Photobucket.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Does the dataset relate to people? If not, you may skip the remaining questions in this section
\f0\b0 .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Yes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Does the dataset identify any subpopulations (e.g., by age, gender)? If so, please describe how these subpopulations are identified and provide a description of their respective distributions within the dataset.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The dataset does not identify subpopulations.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is it possible to identify individuals (i.e., one or more natural persons), either directly or indirectly (i.e., in combination with other data) from the dataset? If so, please describe how.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 It is possible to indirectly identify publishers and subjects using reverse image search
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Does the dataset contain data that might be considered sensitive in any way (e.g., data that reveals racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientations, religious beliefs, political opinions or union memberships, or locations; financial or health data; biometric or genetic data; forms of government identification, such as social security numbers; criminal history)? If so, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Images may contain information that allows people to make inferences about race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, political opinions, memberships, locations, health information, or criminal history. However, because these images were shared publicly, we assume that that information is not considered too private to be shared.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Any other comments?
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Collection Process\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 How was the data associated with each instance acquired? Was the data directly observable (e.g., raw text, movie ratings), reported by subjects (e.g., survey responses), or indirectly inferred/derived from other data (e.g., part-of-speech tags, model-based guesses for age or language)? If data was reported by subjects or indirectly inferred/derived from other data, was the data validated/verified? If so, please describe how.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The images were crawled from Photobucket and automatically aligned and cropped using dlib. The individual images were published in Photobucket by their respective authors under either Creative Commons BY 2.0, Creative Commons BY-NC 2.0, Public Domain Mark 1.0, Public Domain CC0 1.0, or U.S. Government Works license. All of these licenses allow free use, redistribution, and adaptation for non-commercial purposes.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 What mechanisms or procedures were used to collect the data (e.g., hardware apparatus or sensor, manual human curation, software program, software API)? How were these mechanisms or procedures validated? \'95 If the dataset is a sample from a larger set, what was the sampling strategy (e.g., deterministic, probabilistic with specific sampling probabilities)?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Images were collected using a custom crawler to limit data scraped to those including permissive Creative Commons Licences. Sample data available for download was sampled randomly with a visual check for offensive content and basic demographic representativeness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Who was involved in the data collection process (e.g., students, crowdworkers, contractors) and how were they compensated (e.g., how much were crowdworkers paid)?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No humans were involved in data collection and the data is not labeled. Humans involved in developing, testing, and executing the script and preparing it for publication were full time, paid employees of AVID.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Over what timeframe was the data collected? Does this timeframe match the creation timeframe of the data associated with the instances (e.g., recent crawl of old news articles)? If not, please describe the timeframe in which the data associated with the instances was created.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Data was collected in 2018. Some data has been deleted since then, none has been added.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Were any ethical review processes conducted (e.g., by an institutional review board)? If so, please provide a description of these review processes, including the outcomes, as well as a link or other access point to any supporting documentation.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No separate ethical review process was conducted.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Does the dataset relate to people? If not, you may skip the remainder of the questions in this section.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Yes.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Did you collect the data from the individuals in question directly, or obtain it via third parties or other sources (e.g., websites)?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Via a third party (Creative Commons/Photobucket)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Were the individuals in question notified about the data collection? If so, please describe (or show with screenshots or other information) how notice was provided, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, the exact language of the notification itself.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Individuals were not notified of the data collection. They were aware that the images were public.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Did the individuals in question consent to the collection and use of their data? If so, please describe (or show with screenshots or other information) how consent was requested and provided, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, the exact language to which the individuals consented.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 If consent was obtained, were the consenting individuals provided with a mechanism to revoke their consent in the future or for certain uses? If so, please provide a description, 7 as well as a link or other access point to the mechanism (if appropriate).\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Consent was not provided, but individuals who are in the dataset can petition to have their images removed by contacting AVID.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Has an analysis of the potential impact of the dataset and its use on data subjects (e.g., a data protection impact analysis)been conducted? If so, please provide a description of this analysis, including the outcomes, as well as a link or other access point to any supporting documentation.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Any other comments?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Preprocessing/cleaning/labeling\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Was any preprocessing/cleaning/labeling of the data done (e.g., discretization or bucketing, tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, SIFT feature extraction, removal of instances, processing of missing values)? If so, please provide a description. If not, you may skip the remainder of the questions in this section.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Metadata was deleted.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Was the \'93raw\'94 data saved in addition to the preprocessed/cleaned/labeled data (e.g., to support unanticipated future uses)? If so, please provide a link or other access point to the \'93raw\'94 data.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Most of the raw data still exists on photobucket, but we did not save the metadata we deleted.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is the software used to preprocess/clean/label the instances available? If so, please provide a link or other access point.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Any other comments?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Uses\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Has the dataset been used for any tasks already? If so, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 This dataset was originally curated to create a Generative Adversarial Network using a style-based generator architecture. The GAN created improved the state of the art in terms of established quality metrics.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is there a repository that links to any or all papers or systems that use the dataset? If so, please provide a link or other access point.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 No such repository exists.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 What (other) tasks could the dataset be used for?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 We believe that, if labelled, this dataset could create a face detection algorithm for use on \'93in the wild\'94 images.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is there anything about the composition of the dataset or the way it was collected and preprocessed/cleaned/labeled that might impact future uses? For example, is there anything that a future user might need to know to avoid uses that could result in unfair treatment of individuals or groups (e.g., stereotyping, quality of service issues) or other undesirable harms (e.g., financial harms, legal risks) If so, please provide a description. Is there anything a future user could do to mitigate these undesirable harms?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 This dataset was crawled from Photobucket and inherits the bias of that platform. In particular, we believe that the dataset may not be representative of the population in terms of skin color, age, and gender. Even if it is representative of the population in which it is used, there may be too few examples of very dark skin tones for the algorithm to do a good job. We believe based on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://proceedings.mlr.press/v81/buolamwini18a/buolamwini18a.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 research}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2018/jan/12/google-racism-ban-gorilla-black-people"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 past industry failures }}that oversampling minority classes may be necessary to bring performance on those classes up to par.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Are there tasks for which the dataset should not be used? If so, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Caution should be taken when using this dataset on its own. Consider supplementing minority groups and auditing performance for dark skin tones, older adults, and women.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Any other comments?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Distribution\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Will the dataset be distributed to third parties outside of the entity (e.g., company, institution, organization) on behalf of which the dataset was created? If so, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The dataset will be available publicly on GitHub.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 How will the dataset will be distributed (e.g., tarball on website, API, GitHub)? Does the dataset have a digital object identifier (DOI)?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The data is available on GitHub. It does not have a DOI.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 When will the dataset be distributed?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The data was distributed in November 2018
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Will the dataset be distributed under a copyright or other intellectual property (IP) license, and/or under applicable terms of use (ToU)? If so, please describe this license and/or ToU, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, any relevant licensing terms or ToU, as well as any fees associated with these restrictions.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 NA
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Have any third parties imposed IP-based or other restrictions on the data associated with the instances? If so, please describe these restrictions, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, any relevant licensing terms, as well as any fees associated with these restrictions.
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \'a0The individual images were published on Photobucket by their respective authors under either Creative Commons BY 2.0, Creative Commons BY-NC 2.0, Public Domain Mark 1.0, Public Domain CC0 1.0, or U.S. Government Works license. All of these licenses allow free use, redistribution, and adaptation for non-commercial purposes.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Do any export controls or other regulatory restrictions apply to the dataset or to individual instances? If so, please describe these restrictions, and provide a link or other access point to, or otherwise reproduce, any supporting documentation.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 NA
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Any other comments?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Maintenance\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Who is supporting/hosting/maintaining the dataset?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The project team at AVID.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 How can the owner/curator/manager of the dataset be contacted (e.g., email address)?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Contact form on our website
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Is there an erratum? If so, please provide a link or other access point.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 NA
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Will the dataset be updated (e.g., to correct labeling errors, add new instances, delete instances)? If so, please describe how often, by whom, and how updates will be communicated to users (e.g., mailing list, GitHub)?
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Dataset will only be updated if subjects or publishers request that their images be taken down. A changelog will be produced on the GitHub but we will not require that users update any local copies.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 If the dataset relates to people, are there applicable limits on the retention of the data associated with the instances (e.g., were individuals in question told that their data would be retained for a fixed period of time and then deleted)? If so, please describe these limits and explain how they will be enforced.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Because this dataset is a subset of a public corpus, our deleting data would not improve subjects\'92 privacy. If the original corpus is challenged or removed on the grounds of harm to subjects, the publication of this dataset will be reconsidered.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Will older versions of the dataset continue to be supported/hosted/maintained? If so, please describe how. If not, please describe how its obsolescence will be communicated to users.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 We do not anticipate versioning this dataset.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 If others want to extend/augment/build on/contribute to the dataset, is there a mechanism for them to do so? If so, please provide a description. Will these contributions be validated/verified? If so, please describe how. If not, why not? Is there a process for communicating/distributing these contributions to other users? If so, please provide a description.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 We do not expect to host an extended version of this dataset, however, others are welcome to clone the distribution and add on to it. We are particularly interested in annotations to the existing data and would be happy to cooperate within reason to extending the dataset with additional data or annotations.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Any other comments?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
}